
Notes on the coursework pdf:

Worth 20% so it is worth a bit I suppose. 

any mathematical programming package of your choice, e.g., Xpress-IVE, GAMS, Matlab,
Python, R, etc -- nice so I can use goalang if I want to .


Ensure that you take frequent and multiple backups of your work, since excuses concerning
lost or corrupted files will not be treated sympathetically. -- based af 

    
5 A4 sides
of description. Include any extra material as an appendix (e.g., the computer code, output, references, etc.)


You are expected to complete the coursework without help from staff; instead, for anything that is unclear
to you, make valid assumptions and list them.\\


Math is such a nice department man, should've picked math for fuck sake.\\


I've wanted to go to ulaanbaatar for a while now, National Museum of Mongolia by Uuganbaatar Ninjbat


This coursework is fun, but seems so long man what the actual fuck. For fuck sake.



What to include in your report: Your report should include:
1. a clear explanation of your model formulation,
2. a clear description of any assumptions made and your rationale for these,
3. a brief description of how you solved it,
4. a presentation of the results,
5. and, a summary of recommendations and limitations.
An ideal report will challenge the assumptions made and additionally provide an analysis of what happens
when these assumptions are removed.


Okay this might be the best coursework I've gotten this academic year, heck of the best I've ever had at university.


Paper 1: The four strongest at the national museum of Mongolia:


‘The Four Strongest’’ (Figures 2 and 3). Its name
comes from four legendary animals: a dragon, a tiger, a
lion, and a bird originating in Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain
mythology that we call Khangarid or Khan-Garuda or just
Garuda.



1. How many possible arrangements, or candidate solu-
tions, are there? That is, in how many ways can a player
reasonably try to configure the pieces?
2. How many correct solutions are there?
3. Is the container the smallest in area or perimeter among
those in which the items can be packed?



isn't area related to paramiter, so technicaly it shouldn't matter, the smallest areas means the smallest perimeter surely???


THEOREM 1 There are 192 candidate solutions for the
puzzle of the four strongest.
PROOF This is an easy combinatorial problem that can be
solved directly, or via Pólya’s counting technique. Note that
in the first (say, from the left) position there are eight
choices (four choices of animal, then two choices of posi-
tion). There are then six in the second, four in the third, and
12
THE MATHEMATICAL INTELLIGENCER
two in the last. So the number of choices is their product, or
384. But for each solution, an equivalent solution can be
obtained by rotating the container through an angle of
1808, so there are actually only half as many inequivalent
solutions, that is, 192


This makes sense, easy to understand so far. 


So, instead
of trying to solve the puzzle in the abstract mathematical
way, I suggested solving it via a systematic method of trial
and error, - cheating an unelegant. 


This reminds me of the sphere packing problem I had thought of and maybe I should visit it again sometime.

THEOREM 2 The convex hexagon of smallest area that
contains four disks of radius r [ 0 arranged linearly (i.e.,
like a sausage) is obtained as follows. Take a rectangle of
size 2r ␂ 6r and a regular hexagon with side length p2rffiffi3.
Divide the hexagon into two equal halves by a line segment
connecting the midpoints of two opposite sides. Glue each
half to the rectangle by the side of common length. See
Figure 9.


Last December, I made a presentation at the conference
explaining the above results, and by doing so, I tried to
promote the potential role of mathematics in the study of
museum collections. The reception was positive, and my
presentation at least provided some knowledge to the
audience, adding some color and diversity to the
conference. - this is sooo dead, but certianly better and more interesting that listening to pure math all evening. 



have been intrigued, then perhaps you should
visit my country. In that case, I strongly recommend that
you make another ‘‘mathematical visit’’ to the National
Museum of Mongolia, which is located at the center of the
capital city, and perhaps add another piece to the list of
mathematical studies of Mongolian culture. - live too far away sadly. 


 Paper 2 - A Mathematical Programming Approach for Mongolia’s
“The Four Strongest” puzzle



 Oh the prof bismark did a paper on this lmao. wants us to critique his work, what in the machoistic tendency is this. 

n the grand
Indian epic Mahabharata, Drona devises a strategic mili­
tary formulation called as the Chakravyuha to capture
the Pandava prince Yudhistra. - what the, I'm starting to suscpect mathmatical papers are a farce at this rate. This is just of unserious compared to hard cs papers.


Height of the actual pieces are not relevant as the hexagonal box does not have a lid, only a perimeter so to speak, so height and the 3rd dimension can be ignored (boring!!!!! but easy i guess), so this is a 2d problem


 This coursework is soooo dead man.


 so bad. 

















